Haventide is a tile-based top-down 2D strategy game combining a cast of 6 characters and your own wit on (so far) a single map.

# The strategy aspect
To start a game, you and your opponent both pick three agents from a pool. You may pick identical agents.

Each of you now has to strategically position your agents and their summons, in order to cast skills that do the most damage to your opponent, while at the same time trying to survive the opponent's onslaught.

The winner is the last team standing.

# Technologies used
The app is written in Compose Multiplatform and targets Desktop (via Java Virtual Machine) and Android.

To compile and run the project, I recommend using IntelliJ IDEA 2024.8 with the Android SDK and Kotlin Multiple plug-in enabled.

# Artwork (slop)
The app icon, app background image and artwork for Phoenixes (= playable characters) was generated by Microsoft Copilot (back in 2023 as part of project Aetherflux).

If you are particularly annoyed by that, please accept my apologies and do not waste your time trying to fix it. This project served its purpose and should be considered finished (= dead).

# License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2025 @trailblazercombi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
